ftrace支持的函数：（fentry只能hook那些在available_filter_functions中列出的函数）
vfs_fadvise
vfs_fallocate
vfs_truncate
vfs_fchmod
vfs_fchown
vfs_open
vfs_setpos
vfs_llseek
vfs_iocb_iter_read
vfs_iter_read
vfs_readv
vfs_iter_write
vfs_writev
vfs_iocb_iter_write
vfs_read
vfs_write
vfs_copy_file_range
vfs_get_tree
vfs_getattr_nosec
vfs_getattr
vfs_statx
vfs_fstat
vfs_fstatat
vfs_get_link
vfs_tmpfile
vfs_rmdir
vfs_unlink
vfs_mkobj
vfs_symlink
vfs_create
vfs_mkdir
vfs_mknod
vfs_link
vfs_rename
vfs_path_parent_lookup
vfs_path_lookup
vfs_readlink
vfs_ioctl
vfs_fileattr_get
vfs_fileattr_set
vfs_create_mount
vfs_kern_mount.part.0
vfs_kern_mount
vfs_submount
vfs_listxattr
vfs_getxattr
vfs_removexattr
vfs_setxattr
vfs_getxattr_alloc
vfs_splice_read
vfs_fsync_range
vfs_fsync
vfs_utimes
vfs_get_fsid
vfs_statfs.part.0.isra.0
vfs_statfs
vfs_parse_comma_sep
vfs_parse_fs_param_source
vfs_parse_fs_param
vfs_parse_fs_string
vfs_parse_monolithic_sep
vfs_dup_fs_context
vfs_clean_context
vfs_cmd_create
vfsgid_in_group_p
vfs_dedupe_file_range_one
vfs_dedupe_file_range
vfs_dedupe_file_range_compare.constprop.0
vfs_clone_file_range
vfs_inode_has_locks
vfs_cancel_lock
vfs_test_lock
vfs_lock_file
vfs_setlease
vfs_set_acl
vfs_remove_acl
vfs_get_acl
vfs_dentry_acceptable
vfs_cleanup_quota_inode


内核符号：
ffffffffa42dcbc0 T vfs_fallocate
ffffffffa42dd480 T vfs_truncate
ffffffffa42de420 T vfs_fchmod
ffffffffa42dea00 T vfs_fchown
ffffffffa42dec10 T vfs_open
ffffffffa42dfa50 T vfs_setpos
ffffffffa42dfd60 T vfs_llseek
ffffffffa42e0730 T vfs_iocb_iter_read
ffffffffa42e0890 T vfs_iter_read
ffffffffa42e09f0 t vfs_readv
ffffffffa42e1460 T vfs_iter_write
ffffffffa42e16a0 t vfs_writev
ffffffffa42e21e0 T vfs_iocb_iter_write
ffffffffa42e3110 T vfs_read
ffffffffa42e3bd0 T vfs_write
ffffffffa42e49d0 T vfs_copy_file_range
ffffffffa42e6ad0 T vfs_get_tree
ffffffffa42eb1e0 T vfs_getattr_nosec
ffffffffa42eb2f0 T vfs_getattr
ffffffffa42ebec0 t vfs_statx
ffffffffa42ec0a0 T vfs_fstat
ffffffffa42ecb10 T vfs_fstatat
ffffffffa42f42f0 T vfs_get_link
ffffffffa42f6010 t vfs_tmpfile
ffffffffa42f6ce0 T vfs_rmdir
ffffffffa42f75e0 T vfs_unlink
ffffffffa42f79e0 T vfs_mkobj
ffffffffa42f7be0 T vfs_symlink
ffffffffa42f7de0 T vfs_create
ffffffffa42f8030 T vfs_mkdir
ffffffffa42f82a0 T vfs_mknod
ffffffffa42f85b0 T vfs_link
ffffffffa42f8da0 T vfs_rename
ffffffffa42fb5d0 T vfs_path_parent_lookup
ffffffffa42fc670 T vfs_path_lookup
ffffffffa42fea60 T vfs_readlink
ffffffffa4300590 T vfs_ioctl
ffffffffa4300600 T vfs_fileattr_get
ffffffffa4300ef0 T vfs_fileattr_set
ffffffffa4315f40 T vfs_create_mount
ffffffffa43160e0 t vfs_kern_mount.part.0
ffffffffa43161c0 T vfs_kern_mount
ffffffffa4316210 T vfs_submount
ffffffffa4320310 T vfs_listxattr
ffffffffa4320e10 T vfs_getxattr
ffffffffa4321090 T vfs_removexattr
ffffffffa43219f0 T vfs_setxattr
ffffffffa4321b90 T vfs_getxattr_alloc
ffffffffa4332480 T vfs_splice_read
ffffffffa4335e50 T vfs_fsync_range
ffffffffa43363f0 T vfs_fsync
ffffffffa4336ae0 T vfs_utimes
ffffffffa4339180 T vfs_get_fsid
ffffffffa4339780 t vfs_statfs.part.0.isra.0
ffffffffa4339820 T vfs_statfs
ffffffffa433afa0 t vfs_parse_comma_sep
ffffffffa433b380 T vfs_parse_fs_param_source
ffffffffa433b430 T vfs_parse_fs_param
ffffffffa433b560 T vfs_parse_fs_string
ffffffffa433b620 T vfs_parse_monolithic_sep
ffffffffa433bc20 T vfs_dup_fs_context
ffffffffa433c2b0 T vfs_clean_context
ffffffffa433d180 t vfs_cmd_create
ffffffffa433e6f0 T vfsgid_in_group_p
ffffffffa433ed70 T vfs_dedupe_file_range_one
ffffffffa433ef80 T vfs_dedupe_file_range
ffffffffa433f1a0 t vfs_dedupe_file_range_compare.constprop.0
ffffffffa433f510 T vfs_clone_file_range
ffffffffa4377860 T vfs_inode_has_locks
ffffffffa4377fc0 T vfs_cancel_lock
ffffffffa4379fd0 T vfs_test_lock
ffffffffa437ba10 T vfs_lock_file
ffffffffa437c550 T vfs_setlease
ffffffffa4386270 T vfs_set_acl
ffffffffa43865a0 T vfs_remove_acl
ffffffffa4387140 T vfs_get_acl
ffffffffa438a3f0 t vfs_dentry_acceptable
ffffffffa43943e0 t vfs_cleanup_quota_inode
ffffffffa45781f0 t vfsuid_eq_kuid
ffffffffa4578220 t vfsgid_eq_kgid
ffffffffa4578250 t vfsuid_gt_kuid
ffffffffa4578270 t vfsgid_gt_kgid
ffffffffa4578290 t vfsuid_lt_kuid
ffffffffa45782b0 t vfsgid_lt_kgid
ffffffffa4fcc8dc t vfs_dedupe_file_range_compare.constprop.0.cold
ffffffffa6721060 T vfs_caches_init_early
ffffffffa6721130 T vfs_caches_init